# 🚀 Jupyter Notebook Docker Container

This is a step-by-step guide to download and run the Jupyter Notebook development environment inside a Docker container on a Linux system.  
You will have a fully configured environment, including all the required libraries, to work with the `AnomalyDet.ipynb` notebook.  

To run the development environment, you need to have Docker installed on your Linux system.  
If you don’t have Docker, open the terminal and run the following commands:  

$ sudo apt update
$ sudo apt install docker.io
$ sudo systemctl enable --now docker
$ sudo usermod -aG docker $USER
After installation, check if Docker is installed correctly with:

$ docker --version
To download the Docker image that contains Jupyter Notebook and all the required libraries, run:

$ docker pull teogiurgica/jupyter-notebook:latest
This will download the Docker image named jupyter-notebook from Docker Hub.

Once the image is downloaded, start the Docker container with:

$ docker run -p 8888:8888 teogiurgica/jupyter-notebook:latest
This will start a Docker container that exposes port 8888 to access Jupyter Notebook.

After the container has started, access Jupyter Notebook in your browser at:

http://localhost:8888
You will be asked to enter a token.
To find it, open the terminal and look for the token generated by Jupyter in the displayed logs.
The notebook AnomalyDet.ipynb is available on GitHub.
You can either download it or clone it from the GitHub repository.

After downloading the notebook, upload it into Jupyter Notebook, and you can now run and explore the fully configured environment!

If you want to add additional libraries to the Docker image, edit the Dockerfile and add the installation command for the desired libraries.
For example, to install seaborn and matplotlib:

RUN pip install --no-cache-dir seaborn matplotlib
After modifying the Dockerfile, rebuild the Docker image with:

$ docker build -t teogiurgica/jupyter-notebook:latest .
Then push the modified image to Docker Hub:


$ docker push teogiurgica/jupyter-notebook:latest

📚 Resources and References
Charmed Kubeflow Docs

Setup Prometheus Monitoring on Kubernetes

Kubeflow Official Site

Kubernetes Official Site

Grafana Official Site

MicroK8s Getting Started

Raspberry Pi Cluster Tutorial

Kubernetes Home Lab Setup

Ubuntu Kubernetes on Raspberry Pi

Charmed Kubeflow Docs
